# Automatically make Clippi highlights slightly shorter!
This script will trim the clips generated by clippi so they end slightly earlier. Meant for the json files generated by Project Clippi, a tool that processes Slippi replay files.  
 
Slippi: https://slippi.gg/  
Clippi: https://github.com/vinceau/project-clippi  

If you're unfamiliar with what this means, I recommend [watching this video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fw_0Aa_HF70) and [visiting blippi.gg for more tips on using Slippi and Clippi](https://blippi.gg/)  

Clippi is an amazing tool, but all the clips that it generated would last a few more seconds after the KO, so a lot of screen time was dedicated to me just waiting for the other player to respawn.

# How to Use
#### 1) This is a Python script, so you must install a Python interpreter before it will work.  
For Windows 10+, you can install it from the Microsoft Store by searching for "Python".  
You can confirm whether Python is installed by launching a cmd window and typing the following:  
```
python --version
```
If the command is recognized and returns a version number, then Python is installed.  
If this lazy explanation isn't working for you, then follow this detailed guide: https://realpython.com/run-python-scripts/  

#### 2) Download and unzip this repo, copy `trim_clippis.py` to the folder where Project Clippi generates its json files.  
The `Output File` path in Project Clippi's "Replay Processor" tab will determine where the json file is saved. You may prefer to put all these files in the same folder, or you may want to isolate `trim_clippis.py` in its own folder and copy over specific json files for it to process.  
You can also copy `trim_clippis.bat` into the same directory as its `.py` namesake if you don't want to run the script manually.  
You can make a shortcut of this batch file and put it somewhere convenient for easy access.  

#### 3) In the directory where `trim_clippis.py` resides, run `trim_clippis.bat` or open a cmd window and enter the following command:  
```
python trim_clippis.py
```
The script will run and end without printing any output in the terminal.  
This will NOT replace your original json files. New copies are generated with their names ending in `_trimmed.json`.  
As long as a json file's name ends in `_trimmed.json`, the script will not process it. Files ending in `_trimmed.json` can be overwritten by the script.

#### 4) Load your new trimmed json file(s) in Project Clippi and enjoy all the clips ending slightly earlier!  
You can modify how many frames get trimmed off the clips by editing `trim_clippis.py` and changing the `frames` variable. Remember that there are 60 frames in a second and the value you provide must be a whole number.


# About
Thank you to @monorail#0471 on the Slippi Discord for writing and sharing this script.  
I don't have any experience with writing Python scripts myself, so please don't make any feature requests.
